Docs: Updated plugin versioning usage docs for pinned versions (#25607)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/upgrading/plugins.mdx

        -version=v1.0.1 \
        secret \
        my-secret-plugin
    Success! Registered plugin: my-secret-plugin
    ```

1. Set the new version as the cluster's pinned version.

   ```shell-session
   $ vault write sys/plugins/pins/secret/my-secret-plugin version=v1.0.1
   ```

> 1. Finally, trigger a global [plugin reload](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/reload) to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Trigger a global [plugin reload](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/reload) to
```

   to reload all instances of the plugin.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault plugin reload -type=secret -plugin=my-secret-plugin -scope=global
    Success! Reloading plugin: my-secret-plugin, reload_id: 98b1e875-4217-745d-07f2-93d14219fb3c
    ```

1. **Optional:** Check the "Running Version" field to verify the new version is
    running:

    ```shell-session
    $ vault secrets list -detailed
    ```

> Until the last step, the mount will still run the first version of `my-secret-plugin`. When

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Until the reload step,` instead? Since reload is no longer the last step listed here.

Author: Thanks, good catch

        -version=v1.0.1 \
        database \
        my-db-plugin
    Success! Registered plugin: my-db-plugin
    ```

1. Set the new version as the cluster's pinned version.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write sys/plugins/pins/database/my-db-plugin version=v1.0.1
    ```

1. Finally, trigger a global [plugin reload](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/reload)

>    to reload all instances of the plugin.

Reviewer 2: BTW it looks like there's some sort of non-breaking space before "to reload all instances..." that may be causing the extra whitespace when rendered: https://vault-16n4u6u0z-hashicorp.vercel.app/vault/docs/upgrading/plugins#upgrading-database-plugins

Same thing on line 65 too: https://vault-16n4u6u0z-hashicorp.vercel.app/vault/docs/upgrading/plugins#upgrading-auth-and-secrets-plugins

Author: Good spot, I wonder if it's a bug to do with having a line break straight after a link. I've updated the line break location slightly, hopefully that helps.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault plugin reload -type=database -plugin=my-db-plugin -scope=global
    Success! Reloading plugin: my-db-plugin, reload_id: 98b1e875-4217-745d-07f2-93d14219fb3c
    ```

1. **Optional:** Check the config's `running_plugin_version` field to verify
    the new version is running:

    ```shell-session
    $ vault read database/config/my-db
    ```

> Until the last step, the mount will still run the first version of `my-db-plugin`. When

Reviewer 2: Similar comment here about last vs reload.

        -version=v1.0.1 \
        database \
        my-db-plugin
    Success! Registered plugin: my-db-plugin
    ```

1. Set the new version as the cluster's pinned version.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write sys/plugins/pins/database/my-db-plugin version=v1.0.1
    ```

> 1. Finally, trigger a global [plugin reload](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/reload) to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Trigger a global [plugin reload](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/reload) to
```

        -version=v1.0.1 \
        database \
        my-db-plugin
    Success! Registered plugin: my-db-plugin
    ```

1. Set the new version as the cluster's pinned version.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write sys/plugins/pins/database/my-db-plugin version=v1.0.1
    ```

1. Finally, trigger a global [plugin reload](/vault/docs/commands/plugin/reload) to
   reload all instances of the plugin.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault plugin reload -type=database -plugin=my-db-plugin -scope=global
    Success! Reloading plugin: my-db-plugin, reload_id: 98b1e875-4217-745d-07f2-93d14219fb3c
    ```

> 1. **Optional:** Check the config's `running_plugin_version` field to verify
>     the new version is running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Optional:** Verify the current version of the running plugin:

```

Style correction: write in active voice, simplify sentences
